‫ﻋﻘﺪ ﺗﻘﺎﺳﻢ اﻟﻮﻇﻴﻔﺔ‬

JOB SHARE CONTRACT JOB OFFER
PERMIT TYPE

‫ﻧﻮع اﻟﺘﺼﺮﻳﺢ‬

WORK STYLE

JOB SHARE

‫ﻧﻤﻂ اﻟﻌﻤﻞ‬

‫ﺗﻘﺎﺳﻢ اﻟﻮﻇﻴﻔﺔ‬
‫رﻗﻢ اﻟﺘﺼﺮﻳﺢ‬

PERMIT NO

TRANSACTION NO
It is on

‫ﻋﺮض ﻋﻤﻞ‬

Corresponding to

This oﬀer has been made by

‫رﻗﻢ اﻟﻤﻌﺎﻣﻠﺔ‬

: ‫ﺑﻴﻦ ﻞﻛ ﻣﻦ‬

‫اﻟﻤﻮاﻓﻖ‬

‫إﻧﻪ ﻓﻲ ﻳﻮم‬

and between:

1.Establishment Name

‫اﺳﻢ اﻟﻤﻨﺸﺄة‬.1

Establishment Numbrer

‫رﻗﻢ اﻟﻤﻨﺸﺄة‬
‫و ﻳﻤﺜﻠﻬﺎ‬

Represented by
Passport No

Nationality

Title

Emirate

Telephone Numbrer

E-Mail

‫ا ﻟﺠﻨﺴﻴﺔ‬

‫رﻗﻢ اﻟﺠﻮاز‬

‫اﻹﻣﺎرة‬

‫ا ﻟﺼﻔﺔ‬

‫اﻟﺒﺮﻳﺪ اﻻﻟﻜﺘﺮوﻧﻲ‬

‫رﻗﻢ اﻟﻬﺎﺗﻒ‬

.‫ أو ﺻﺎﺣﺐ اﻟﻌﻤﻞ ﻓﻲ ﻋﺮض اﻟﻌﻤﻞ‬/‫وﻳﺸﺎر اﻟﻰ ﻣﺎ ذﻛﺮ ﻓﻲ ﻫﺬا اﻟﺒﻨﺪ ﺑﺎﻟﻄﺮف اﻷول‬

Hereinafter referred to as the First Party / Employer in the job oﬀer

2.Name

‫اﻻﺳﻢ‬.2

Nationality

Date of Birth

‫ﺗﺎرﻳﺦ اﻟﻤﻴﻼد‬

‫ا ﻟﺠﻨﺴﻴﺔ‬

Passport number

Telephone number

‫رﻗﻢ اﻟﻬﺎﺗﻒ‬

‫رﻗﻢ اﻟﺠﻮاز‬

PICTURE

Academic Qualiﬁcation
xxxxxxxxxxx

‫اﻟﻤﺆﻫﻞ اﻟﻌﻠﻤﻲ‬
xxxxxxxxxx

xxxxxxxxxxx

Hereinafter referred to as the as the Second Party / Employee in the job oﬀer.

xxxxxxxxxx

.‫ أو اﻟﻌﺎﻣﻞ ﻓﻲ ﻋﺮض اﻟﻌﻤﻞ‬/‫وﻳﺸﺎر اﻟﻰ ذﻟﻚ ﻓﻲ ﻫﺬا اﻟﺒﻨﺪ ﺑﺎﻟﻄﺮف اﻟﺜﺎﻧﻲ‬

First And Second Party are referred to collectivelyas the Parties/ Both Parties in this job
oﬀer.

.‫( ﻣﻌﺎ)ﺑﺎﻟﻄﺮﻓﻴﻦ أو اﻟﻄﺮﻓﺎن( ﻓﻲ ﻋﺮض اﻟﻌﻤﻞ‬2)‫(و‬1) ‫وﻳﺸﺎر اﻟﻰ ﻣﺎ ذﻛﺮ ﻓﻲ ﻫﺬﻳﻦ اﻟﺒﻨﺪﻳﻦ‬

Article (1) (Working days and hours)

( ‫اﻟﺒﻨﺪ اﻷول ) أﻳﺎم وﺳﺎﻋﺎت اﻟﻌﻤﻞ‬

Whereas the First Party expressed his/her desire to contract with the Second Party to ﬁll the vacant position

‫ ﻟﺬا ﻗﺎم ﺑﺘﻘﺪﻳﻢ ﻫﺬا اﻟﻌﺮض‬،‫اﺑﺪى اﻟﻄﺮف اﻷول رﻏﺒﺘﻪ ﺑﺎﻟﺘﻌﺎﻗﺪ ﻣﻊ اﻟﻄﺮف اﻟﺜﺎﻧﻲ ﻟﺘﺸﻐﻴﻠﻴﺔ ﻓﻲ اﻟﻤﻬﻨﺔ اﻟﻤﻮﺿﺤﺔ أدﻧﺎه‬

shown below, accordingly this oﬀer is presented, which includes the following:

: ‫اﻟﺬي ﻳﺘﻀﻤﻦ اﻻﺗﻲ‬

1. The Second Party shall work for the First party in the designation / profession of
Ordinary working hours

( Emirate / City )

in

‫ ﻳﻠﺘﺰم اﻟﻄﺮف اﻟﺜﺎﻧﻲ ﺑﺄن ﻳﻌﻤﻞ ﻟﺪى اﻟﻄﺮف اﻷول ﺑـ ﻣﻬﻨﺔ‬.1
8

Hours.

2. The Second Party will undergo a probation period of
3. The First Party shall grant the Second Party a paid annual leave of
4. The Second Party is entitled to get a weekly rest of

. ‫ﺳﺎﻋﺎت‬

‫وﺳﺎﻋﺎت ﻋﻤﻞ ﻣﻘﺪراﻫﺎ‬

( ‫ ﻣﺪﻳﻨﺔ‬/ ‫ﻓﻲ إﻣﺎرة ) اﻣﺎرة‬

‫ﺑـ‬

‫ ﻳﻌﻤﻞ اﻟﻄﺮف اﻟﺜﺎﻧﻲ ﻟﺪى اﻟﻄﺮف اﻷول ﺗﺤﺖ اﻟﺘﺠﺮﺑﺔ ﻟﻤﺪة‬.2

days .

‫ ﻳﻤﻨﺢ اﻟﻄﺮف اﻟﺜﺎﻧﻲ إﺟﺎزة ﺳﻨﻮﻳﺔ ﻟﻤﺪة‬.3

.‫ﻳﻮم ﻣﺪﻓﻮﻋﺔ اﻷﺟﺮ‬

days with full payment for the

‫ﻳﻮم ﻣﺴﺘﺤﻘﺔ ﻟﻼﺟﺮ وذﻟﻚ ﻋﻦ اﻻﻳﺎم اﻟﺘﺎﻟﻴﺔ‬

following days

‫ ﻳﻤﻨﺢ اﻟﻄﺮف اﻟﺜﺎﻧﻲ راﺣﺔ أﺳﺒﻮﻋﻴﺔ ﻟﻤﺪة‬.4

Article (2) (Contract Details)

( ‫اﻟﺒﻨﺪ اﻟﺜﺎﻧﻲ ) ﺗﻔﺎﺻﻴﻞ اﻟﺘﻌﺎﻗﺪ‬

1.The contract concluded between the Parties under this oﬀer is a Limited Contract for a period of

Should either Party solely wish to terminate the Employment Contract during the term thereof, the terminating
Party shall notify the other party of such desire

30 days

termination. Such period shall be similar for both parties.

as a prior notice before the determined date of

2.The Parties to the contract may renew the same once or more times for similar or shorter period/ periods. In

the event of renewal of the contract the new period/ periods are deemed to be an extension of the original
period and shall be added in calculation of the employee's total period of service.

3.If both parties continue to apply the contract after the lapse of its original term or completion of work agreed

‫وﻓﻲ ﺣﺎل رﻏﺒﻪ أﺣﺪ اﻟﻄﺮﻓﻴﻦ ﺑﺎﻧﻬﺎء اﻟﻌﻘﺪ‬

‫ﺳﻨﺘﻴﻦ‬

‫ ﻟﻤﺪة‬،‫ﻳﻜﻮن اﻟﻌﻘﺪ اﻟﺬي ﻳﺒﺮم ﺑﻨﺎء ﻋﻠﻰ ﻫﺬا اﻟﻌﺮض ﻣﺤﺪد اﻟﻤﺪة‬.1

‫اﺛﻨﺎء ﺳﺮﻳﺎﻧﻪ اﻟﺬي ﺳﻴﺒﺮم ﺑﻨﺎء ﻋﻠﻰ ﻫﺬا اﻟﻌﺮض ﻓﺎﻧﻪ ﻣﻠﺰم ﺑﺘﻘﺪﻳﻢ إﺧﻄﺎر ﺑﺎﻻﻧﻬﺎء ﻟﻠﻄﺮف اﻻﺧﺮ ﻣﺼﺤﻮﺑﺎ ﺑﻤﻬﻠﺔ أﻧﺬار‬
.‫ﻳﻮم ﻗﺒﻞ اﻟﺘﺎرﻳﺦ اﻟﻤﺤﺪد ﻟﻺﻧﻬﺎء وﺗﻜﻮن ﻫﺬه اﻟﻤﺪة ﻣﺘﻤﺎﺛﻠﺔ ﻟﻠﻄﺮﻓﻴﻦ‬

30

‫ﻣﺪﺗﻬﺎ‬

‫ﻳﺠﻮز ﺑﺈﺗﻔﺎق اﻟﻄﺮﻓﻴﻦ ﺗﻤﺪﻳﺪ أو ﺗﺠﺪﻳﺪ ﻫﺬا اﻟﻌﻘﺪ ﻟﻤﺪة اﺧﺮى ﻣﻤﺎﺛﻠﺔ أو ﻣﺪة أﻗﻞ ﻣﺮه وأﺣﺪة أو اﻛﺜﺮ وﻓﻲ ﺣﺎﻟﺔ ﺗﻤﺪﻳﺪ‬.2
‫ ﺗﻌﺘﺒﺮ اﻟﻤﺪة أو اﻟﻤﺪد اﻟﺠﺪﻳﺪة اﻣﺘﺪاداً ﻟﻠﻤﺪة اﻷﺻﻠﻴﺔ وﺗﻀﺎف إﻟﻴﻬﺎ ﻓﻲ اﺣﺘﺴﺎب ﻣﺪة اﻟﺨﺪﻣﺔ‬،‫أو ﺗﺠﺪﻳﺪ اﻟﻌﻘﺪ‬
.‫اﻟﻤﺴﺘﻤﺮة ﻟﻠﻌﺎﻣﻞ‬
‫اﻋﺘﺒﺮ‬
ُ ‫إذا اﺳﺘﻤﺮ اﻟﻄﺮﻓﺎن ﻓﻲ ﺗﻨﻔﻴﺬ اﻟﻌﻘﺪ ﺑﻌﺪ إﻧﻘﻀﺎء ﻣﺪﺗﻪ اﻷﺻﻠﻴﺔ أو إﻧﺘﻬﺎء اﻟﻌﻤﻞ اﻟﻤﺘﻔﻖ ﻋﻠﻴﻪ دون إﺗﻔﺎق ﺻﺮﻳﺢ‬.3
.‫اﻟﻌﻘﺪ اﻷﺻﻠﻲ ﻣﻤﺘﺪاً ﺿﻤﻨﻴﺎً ﺑﺎﻟﺸﺮوط ذاﺗﻬﺎ اﻟﻮاردة ﻓﻴﻪ‬

to, without an express agreement, it should be understood that the original contract has been extended under
the same conditions except for condition regarding its duration.

Article (3) (Salary Details)

( ‫اﻟﺒﻨﺪ اﻟﺜﺎﻟﺚ ) ﺗﻔﺎﺻﻴﻞ اﻷﺟﺮ‬

Parties hereto agree that the Second Party shall work for the First Party in return for a
salary of

Monthly

3500 AED Such salary includes:

:‫وﻳﺸﻤﻞ‬

‫ درﻫﻤﺎ‬3500 ‫ﻣﻘﺪاره‬

825 AED

Other Allowances : xxxxxxxxxxxxx

N/A

‫ أﺟﺮ‬: ‫اﺗﻔﻖ اﻟﻄﺮﻓﺎن ﻋﻠﻰ أن ﻳﻌﻤﻞ اﻟﻄﺮف اﻟﺜﺎﻧﻲ ﻟﺪى اﻟﻄﺮف اﻷول ﻣﻘﺎﺑﻞ‬
‫ درﻫﻢ‬1650 : ‫اﻷﺟﺮ اﻻﺳﺎﺳﻲ‬

Basic Salary 1650 AED
Allowances: Housing Allowance:

‫ﺷﻬﺮي‬

Transport Allowance:

‫ﻋﻠﻰ ﺻﺎﺣﺐ اﻟﻌﻤﻞ‬

provided by the Employer

: ‫ﺑﺪل اﻧﺘﻘﺎل‬

‫ درﻫﻢ‬825 : ‫ ﺑﺪل ﺳﻜﻦ‬: ‫اﻟﺒﺪﻻت‬
‫ﻻ ﻳﻮﺟﺪ‬

xxxxxxxxxxxx : ‫ﺑﺪﻻت أﺧﺮى‬

( ‫اﻟﺒﻨﺪ اﻟﺮاﺑﻊ ) اﻟﺸﺮوط اﻹﺿﺎﻓﻴﺔ‬

Article (4) (Additional Terms)
1.

.1

2.

.2

3.

.3

4.

.4

Any condition that violates the provisions of Decree-Law No. 33 of 2021 concerning the regulation of labour relations
and the executive regulations and the relevant decisions in force in respect thereof shall be null and void.

‫ ﺑﺸﺄن ﺗﻨﻈﻴﻢ ﻋﻼﻗﺎت اﻟﻌﻤﻞ واﻟﻼﺋﺤﺔ اﻟﺘﻨﻔﻴﺬﻳﺔ واﻟﻘﺮارات ذات اﻟﻌﻼﻗﺔ‬2021 ‫ ﻟﺴﻨﻪ‬33 ‫ﻳﻘﻊ ﺑﺎﻃﻼ ﻞﻛ ﺷﺮط ﻳﺨﺎﻟﻒ أﺣﺎﻜم اﻟﻤﺮﺳﻮم ﺑﻘﺎﻧﻮن رﻗﻢ‬
.‫اﻟﻤﻌﻤﻮل ﺑﻪ ﻓﻲ ﺷﺄﻧﻪ‬

Article (5) (Declarations)

( ‫اﻟﺒﻨﺪ اﻟﺨﺎﻣﺲ ) اﻹﻗﺮارات‬

1. The parties hereto acknowledged that they had thoroughly reviewed and agreed to the articles stipulated herein
which forms an integral part of the Employment Contract. This contract is executed in two original counterparts duly
signed by both Parties.
2. The provisions of Federal Decree-Law No. 33 of 2021 concerning the regulation of Labour Relations And Its
Executive Regulations and decisions implemented shall apply.

Ministry approval

‫اﻋﺘﻤﺎد اﻟﻮزارة‬

Second Party’s Signature

‫ وﺣﺮر ﻫﺬا اﻟﻌﻘﺪ ﻣﻦ‬،‫أﻗﺮ اﻟﻄﺮﻓﺎن ﺑﺎﻧﻬﻤﺎ اﻃﻠﻌﺎ وواﻓﻘﺎ ﻋﻠﻰ ﺑﻨﻮد ﻋﺮض اﻟﻌﻤﻞ وﺑﺎﻋﺘﺒﺎره ﺟﺰء ﻻ ﻳﺘﺠﺰء ﻣﻦ ﻋﻘﺪ اﻟﻌﻤﻞ‬.1
.‫ ﺑﻌﺪ أن ﺗﻢ ﺗﻮﻗﻴﻌﺔ ﻣﻦ اﻟﻄﺮﻓﻴﻦ‬،‫ﻧﺴﺨﺘﻴﻦ‬

‫ ﺑﺸﺎن ﺗﻨﻈﻴﻢ ﻋﻼﻗﺎت اﻟﻌﻤﻞ وﻟﻼﺋﺤﺘﻪ اﻟﺘﻨﻔﻴﺬﻳﺔ واﻟﻘﺮارات‬2021 ‫ ﻟﺴﻨﺔ‬33 ‫ﺗﻄﺒﻖ أﺣﺎﻜم اﻟﻤﺮﺳﻮم ﺑﻘﺎﻧﻮن اﺗﺤﺎدي رﻗﻢ‬.2
.‫اﻟﻤﻨﻔﺬة ﻟﻪ ﻓﻲ ﻞﻛ ﻣﺎ ﻟﻢ ﻳﺮد ﻓﻴﻪ ﻧﺺ ﻓﻲ ﻫﺬا اﻟﻌﺮض‬

‫ﺗﻮﻗﻴﻊ اﻟﻄﺮف اﻟﺜﺎﻧﻲ‬

First Party’s Signature

‫ﺗﻮﻗﻴﻊ اﻟﻄﺮف اﻷول‬

